JUJUTSU KAISEN SEASON 2:
SHIBUYA INCIDENT
Do you still remember...
...the method to make
cursed spirits disappear?
No matter what methods are used,
humans will advance to a higher stage.
For now,
I need to buy time for Larue to move.
The next stage for humans
is to detach from Cursed Energy.
Wrong, it's about optimizing
Cursed Energy.
No, I don't understand
either of those.
I thought that when
Toji Zenin died 12 years ago,
the \"detachment\" plan
was already abandoned.
I've discussed this with you...
Well, never mind.
Let's go back to the origin.
Besides, your plan has a major flaw.
Compared to Japan,
there are far fewer sorcerers
and cursed spirits abroad.
The barrier of Tengen will be
indispensable for the \"Optimization\" plan.
If you want to use Tengen,
then only people in this country
can optimize Cursed Energy
and become sorcerers.
Cursed Energy will almost
be monopolized by Japan.
And for another country...
No country in the whole
world will remain silent.
Living humans will become an energy source.
It's easy to imagine what kind
of misfortune will happen, isn't it?
That's not the ideal world
I have depicted.
So what?
Our goals were different from the start.
What I pursue is not a world
without cursed spirits,
nor a peaceful world.
Non-sorcerers, sorcerers, and cursed spirits...
All of these are a \"possibility.\"
A possibility of \"human\" as
a form of \"cursed energy\".
But a human's potential
should be more than this.
I have also tried...
...to bring that possibility by myself.
But that doesn't work.
What I have created
is ultimately limited
by my own possibilities.
The answer is always
the entity with a black glow amidst chaos.
Do you understand?
What I should create
is chaos that cannot
be controlled by me.
The cursed technique
has been extracted.
There should be a cursed
spirit called Mahito, right?!
The one that has a cursed technique
to manipulate souls!
He just swallowed him.
Seriously?!
Idle Transfiguration.
Tengen's barrier... No.
This is...
...the long-range activation
of a technique.
I want to thank you, Yuji Itadori.
From the moment cursed spirits are absorbed
through cursed spirits manipulation,
the precision of the technique
won't improve again.
Mahito has grown after battling with you.
Actually, I also wanted Jogo.
But I didn't get it.
What have you done?
I have used Idle Transfiguration
from a distance
on two types of non-sorcerers that
I marked in advance.
TSUMIKI FUSHIGURO
There are people like Yuji Itadori
who swallowed cursed objects.
And those like Junpei Yoshino
who have techniques
but not the brains of sorcerers.
I adjusted both of their brains
to the ones of the sorcerers.
The former gained strength
to become a vessel.
The latter learned how
to utilize the technique.
Then...
I have lifted the seal
on those cursed objects.
When I was marking them,
some people were unconscious
due to my cursed energy.
They should wake up soon.
To make them understand
cursed energy better,
I will make them kill each other.
Those are the children and cursed
objects I have carefully selected.
You can imagine it
as a thousand malicious Yuji Itadoris
have been released.
A thousand?
That's not much.
Moreover, you underestimate
human rationality.
Do you think that with the power granted,
humans will start killing each other?
Order is essential to everything.
How could I possibly have missed
such basic prior preparation?
Your questions are straying
further from the point.
He's pissing me off!
Let's beat him up!
But I can't move now.
What's wrong, Uraume?
I used the reverse cursed technique
to regenerate my body, but...
This is...
Poison?
Piercing Blood contains my blood.
Of course, it's poisonous.
Wait, we don't have Mai's support.
The enemy might have other accomplices.
Aoi, the girl with a gun,
and the girl in the suit are all under
the protection of my companions.
They are not fit to fight now.
Can you still move?
Yeah, I can regulate my body
temperature. It's okay.
I'll pass.
I haven't finished speaking yet.
The cursed objects I gave to those people
are the remnants of the sorcerers I've made
contracts with since a thousand years ago.
But it's not just sorcerers who
have made contracts with me.
Even though those contracts
had already expired
when I obtained this body.
Could it be...
This is the world of the future.
Goodbye, Yuji Itadori.
Mr. Gojo!
I'm looking forward
to your performance.
Are you listening, Sukuna?
It's beginning once again.
The golden age of sorcery.
The Heian period is about to return.
This is the footage taken by a team
at another interview site
when all this happened
in Tokyo a few days ago.
Please take a look at it.
The power outage has lasted
for about ten minutes...
- Seems like something big happened.
- Currently there's a massive power outage.
Isn't this fake news?
- But they've been reporting it all day long.
- Authorities can't be reached.
- The cause is still unknown.
- I'll be home late. Defrost something for dinner.
- What exactly happened
- Okay.
- is still unknown.
District 23 is almost all gone.
Including the Chief Cabinet Secretary,
the condition of the entire
Prime Minister's deputies is unknown.
A political vacuum...
Just like it said!
No matter how
a plan to evacuate five million
residents should be formulated.
Love hotels, campsites,
and abandoned villages.
Even the most basic public facilities.
Get anything we can use.
More importantly, how do we
explain it to the residents?
We don't even know the cause.
What should we tell them?
Furthermore, the government has not
made any public statements yet.
Whether it's just a power
substation malfunction,
a terrorist attack,
or some kind of natural disaster
like an earthquake,
- Too many conspiracy have emerged.
- or some kind of natural disaster,
- Stop scrolling on your phone, help me.
- there is still no answer.
- We can only hope that it'll be clarified
- I understand.
- as soon as possible.
The only places confirmed to be safe
are the towns and villages of Okutama,
Ome, Akiruno, Hachioji,
part of Machida, and various islands.
Only safe for now, I suppose.
More than ten million
cursed spirits were released.
Should we designate the entire
metropolitan area as an evacuation zone?
Then list it as a prohibited area.
It's simply a hell.
But how do we tell the public?
Who should come forward?
Compared to that,
the issue is how to make the statement.
We still haven't reached
the deputy commissioner?
No.
We can't get in touch
with the secretary either.
What should we do now?
Calm down.
The higher-ups have
their own considerations.
We should just contact
each provincial office.
The yen keeps depreciating.
Isn't that beneficial for exports?
The economic groups are furious.
Once everyone is dead, those lobbying
groups will be meaningless.
Relocate the office to Osaka.
At this rate, tons of cursed
spirits will be everywhere.
But now, most sorcerers are
protecting the people
in the metropolitan area.
With such a large-scale power vacuum,
there could be an intervention
of a foreign military.
Yes.
Eh? Ah, no...
I understand.
We need to disclose
the existence of cursed spirits.
We must publicize the existence
of cursed spirits?!
Seriously?
We're supposed to declare that the cursed spirits
will only appear in Tokyo.
To draw the cursed energy
emitted by ordinary people to Tokyo,
so that the cursed spirits
will be limited to Tokyo?
That's why when Kansai International
Airport was completed, I recommended
transferring it to Itami.
Isn't that just right?
If Kasumigaseki was still operating,
we wouldn't make this kind of judgment.
Uh... We'll repeat that for you once more.
The power outage is continuing.
We are still unable to contact various units.
Also, due to the lack
of any public statement,
the cause remains unclear.
ABNORMALITIES IN THE CITY CENTER?
How long will this situation last...
DAMAGE KEEPS ESCALATING
What? What's going on?
ABNORMALITIES IN THE CITY CENTER?
DAMAGE KEEPS ESCALATING
PLEASE WAIT A MOMENT
What's going on?
Are they making a movie?
The barrier centered on the Imperial Palace
rebuilt during the Meiji era,
and the other barrier centered
above the Tombs of the Star
at the candidate site for capital
at the end of the Edo period.
Expand those two barriers
to the prefectural borders.
Come over...
It's dangerous here.
Take a hot bath.
You can sing too.
What about my mom?
Your mom and dad,
your sister, your brother,
and your teacher are all here.
I don't have a brother.
And I hate teachers.
I don't have a brother,
and I hate teachers.
Are you okay? Want a drink?
Give me...
Sorry.
Did I scare you?
Are you hurt?
Are you with someone?
Where's your father or mother?
I don't know.
All commercial buildings are in this area.
She probably doesn't live around here.
You've walked a long way, right?
I see. It must be hard for you.
So you can see it?
Don't do that, Rika.
It's gone too far.
Sorry, I hesitated at the time.
I thought with this situation,
why not just play
the long game and wait?
Have you noticed?
I'm not really on your side.
I'm just an ordinary beauty,
hoping that the cursed spirits disappear.
Although it doesn't count as an apology,
my friends and I will take responsibility
and send back the children
who were present.
And it's about time
for me to face Tengen.
What are your plans?
Good work, Okkotsu.
You're not sincere anyway.
Let's get to the point.
Now,
you should understand
that I follow your orders.
Killing cursed spirits
doesn't prove anything.
Well, you can set up a
\"binding vow\" or whatever.
It doesn't matter
whether he's Mr. Gojo's student.
He cut off Inumaki's arm in Shibuya.
I will kill Yuji Itadori myself.
JUJUTSU HEADQUARTERS NOTICE
1. IT HAS BEEN CONFIRMED
THAT SUGURU GETO IS STILL ALIVE.
THE DEATH PENALTY IS HEREBY REITERATED.
2. SATORU GOJO IS LISTED AS
A CO-CONSPIRATOR IN THE SHIBUYA INCIDENT.
HE WILL BE PERMANENTLY EXPELLED
FROM REALM OF SORCERY.
UNSEALING HIM WILL BE
CONSIDERED A CRIMINAL ACT.
3. MASAMICHI YAGA INSTIGATED SATORU GOJO
AND SUGURU GETO IN THE SHIBUYA INCIDENT
AND IS THEREFORE SENTENCED TO DEATH.
4. THE SUSPENDED EXECUTION
OF YUJI ITADORI IS CANCELED.
THE EXECUTION SHOULD BE CARRIED OUT PROMPTLY.
5. SPECIAL GRADE SORCERER
YUTA OKKOTSU WILL SERVE
AS THE EXECUTIONER FOR
YUJI ITADORI'S DEATH PENALTY.
EPISODE 47: SHIBUYA INCIDENT, CLOSE